But I think about this.
And what about this internet thing? Do you know anything about that?
Sure.
What the hell is that exactly?
Well, it's become a place where people are publishing information.
Right.
So, everybody can have their own home page,
companies are there, the latest information.
It's wild what's going on.
It is the big new thing.
I think you're on to something, Bill.
When the world wide web came along,
it was the biggest thing since, well.
From a humble beginning of static text in an,
okay, we're moving fast.
Over the last 20 years,
the web has changed into a powerful platform that is now interactive,
and I'll say it, even beautiful.
And it rapidly continues to grow and change every day.
After taking this Nanodegree Program,
you'll be prepared for endless opportunities as a web developer.
Me too?
Of course. A year ago,
I told Dan he'd be able to bring his small business online.
Built a site, and business is booming.
Go, Dan.
Sarah got a job as a Frontline Developer at,
what's the name of that little Internet company again?
Google.
Oh, yeah. Google. She builds websites her clients love.
We love it.
And this guy got that promotion at work.
My parents are so proud.
Before all of that, they learned the foundation of front-end web development,
and how to think like a programmer with Udacity's Front-End Nanodegree Program.
So, welcome. You're joining something really special.
Now, let's take a look at what you'll be building and learning.